add enumeration aggregation projection support (#1103)
finos/legend-studio: .changeset/breezy-experts-complain.md

---
'@finos/legend-query': patch
---

> Add enumeration support for aggregation projection columns.

Reviewer: Let's add a separate changeset for the fix of #1079 as we usually do

Author: why a separate one??

> Add enumeration support for aggregation projection columns. Fixes ([#1079](https://github.com/finos/legend-studio/issues/1079)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add enumeration support for aggregation projection columns.
Also, aggregation operators dropdown is now disabled when there is no operations compatible with the projection type ([#1079](https://github.com/finos/legend-studio/issues/1079)).
```
